[IMP] pos: Update ePos printers/SSL certificate doc 19.0 (#16680)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/hardware_network/receipt_printers.rst

every completed transaction.

.. important::
   - Epson printers are strongly recommended. The following list presents the compatible printers
     with Odoo:

     - Network-based printers that support the ePOS communication protocol (without IoT), such as
       the TM-m30 iii (model 112 or 152).
     - ePOS printers with USB connectivity that need to be connected to an :doc:`IoT system
       </applications/general/iot/connect>`.
     - ESC/POS printers that require a connection via an :doc:`IoT box
       </applications/general/iot/iot_box>` using either a USB or network-based interface.
   - Bluetooth printers are not compatible with Odoo.

.. seealso::
   - `Receipt printers without IoT (video tutorial)
     <https://youtu.be/OUUi6N_xT-U?si=NZ9PPrsXDUcJ4kSy>`_
   - `Receipt printers with IoT (video tutorial)
     <https://youtu.be/ORojunUs5Bs?si=FrDJ0N-9f8SJlQrA>`_

.. _pos/epos-printers/configuration:

Configuration
=============

To configure the printer, plug it in and connect it with an Ethernet cable or to a Wi-Fi network.
Then, power the printer on; an automatic ticket with the printer’s IP address gets printed upon

> connection. Keep the IP address in mind for the configuration process.

Reviewer: I would phrase this differently, something like:

```suggestion
connection. Save the IP address for the configuration process.
```

Author: I have the impression this would imply to store it in a system, as we often use "Save" for this purpose. How about "Note" or "Write down"?
